---
layout: post
title: 'The Endless Ascent: Committing to Muay Thai (1)'
category: Muay Thai
description: should I commit to something I know I can't master?
date: 2024-11-26 16:34 -0600
---
Should I commit to something I know I can't master? Should I dedicate myself when I can't give it my all? As I step into the martial arts gym, a quiet apprehension settles within me, intertwining with a flicker of anticipation. The cacophony of shouts and the swift, fluid movements of students practicing Jit Jits create a vibrant chaos, akin to a living, breathing organism. The scent of sweat and leather wraps around me, while the heat clings to my skin like a warm embrace. I slip off my socks and step onto the mat, the cool, slightly rough surface grounding me as I enter what feels like a sacred arena. Each breath I take and every movement I execute serves as a poignant reminder of the commitment I'm contemplating, stirring a blend of fear and excitement deep within. Never did I imagine being drawn to the world of fighting, yet after several classes, I find myself utterly entranced. The rhythmic cadence of strikes and the vibrant energy of my fellow fighters weave an intoxicating tapestry around me, each session revealing new facets of myself. Amidst this exhilarating chaos, a storm of doubt brews inside—a quiet apprehension mingles with the exhilaration of each strike as I navigate the delicate balance between passion and practicality. Is "I like it" enough to pursue it, despite the looming risk of injury, my being out of shape, limited training time, and embarking on martial arts at 35? If my primary goal is fitness, wouldn't a more focused regimen be more effective? What’s the point if I can’t master it? Practicing Muay Thai feels like climbing an endless mountain; each session builds resilience and reveals new views, while the peak of mastery stays hidden in the clouds.